https://codepen.io/dellae/pen/gOrbmEB

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Gives meaning to the information of the webpage

    2. What is HTML used for? 
It's used to markup the webpage being built

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
Attributes are modifiers of an HTML element. We put them inside the opening tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
Title. Once

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Input. Select.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
Metadata

    7. What is an id? 
A unique id for an element. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
All html elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once

    10. What is a class? 
An id for elements. Not unique

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
All elements

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
No limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
target="_blank" in the <a> element

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
If the image cannot be displayed, the alternate information is used

    15. How do I reference an id?
#IDName

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
Section groups together related content
Div is a generic block.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
Making the website look good

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
h2{}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
Class can id multiple elements. ID can only id one.

class: if you have multiple sections that you want to style the same.
ID: if you have 1 specific section styled individually.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
.className

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
.human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
Selector that selects all of the child elements of a parent. 
It would be useful when you want to change all of the children elements at once in a particular parent element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
Div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Define a special state of an element

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
Line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
Letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text-transform: uppercase;
Text-transform: lowercase;
Text-transform: capitialize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
Use universal selector "*"

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
Ls enter

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
Ls enter

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
Rm "file"
It completely removes the file, it doesn't move it to the trash.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
Track and compare changes from each individual contributor

    35. How often should I commit to github?
Fairly often, multiple times an hour

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
Git push -u origin branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
Make own version of repo (fork)
Make sure your name is in front of the repo name before the slash to be sure forking is successful 
Add TL as collaborator on the forked repo
Clone repo using "Clone or download" button
In your terminal, go to directory where you want to clone the forked repo
Git clone to clone the repo to the current directory
Cd into the repo
Use "git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' to create your own brance for the repo
Work on own repo
Add and commit changes using commands:
	git add. : will add the repo changes and make them ready for committing
	git commit -m "commit message" : will commit the changes with commit message (make 	sure the message explains the changes that you made to the repo)
Push changes back into GitHub repo by:
	git push -u origin branch-name
Submit pull request
Go back into the forked project repo on GitHub, click not the "branch:master" button on the left side and select your name-branch and then click "New pull request" button to make the pull request on the branch with your name
On the PR page, make sure to click on the dropdown button that says "base repository" and change it to be your forked repo instead of the original lambda repo
Add TL to the "Reviewers" and then submit the pull request
Don't merge your own pull request

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
Block element starts on a new line
Inline element doesn't start on a new line and only takes up as much width as necessary

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
The element is positioned to its closest positioned ancestor. If none, it is positioned relative to the initial containing block

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 